- [Narrator] So now that we've written our function
in Python and tested it locally,
now it's time to go ahead and deploy that
out to Azure and run a test against it there.
So let's jump into our IDE
and I want you to go to the Azure extension.
You'll see that we have the local functions selected
under the functions option,
and I already have a resource group selected.
And of course I'm logged in.
Now I'm going to click the button here
to deploy to function app.
It's going to ask me a few questions.
The first thing I'm going to do
is I'm going to create a new function app in Azure.
I'm going to call this one Python LIL FPM.
And it must be globally unique.
So I would recommend
that you put some sort of an initial behind it.
Go ahead and hit enter.
Now it's going to ask me for a runtime stack.
Now I can choose 39, which is in preview mode
but I'm going to go ahead and go back to 38,
because I haven't used anything in 39 in my kit.
Now it's going to ask you for a location for your resources.
You're going to want to pick a location close to you.
And since I'm in the middle of the US,
I'll go ahead and choose east US,
which technically is a little closer.
Now it's going to start the process of uploading.
And this is going to take a little while.
Okay, hopefully that didn't take too long for you
but now we have the function
uploaded to our subscription in Microsoft Azure.
What you can see is we can open up
underneath our subscription, the function itself
and within there, you'll see
that we have our function defined.
We can right click on that
and we can execute the function now.
We'll go ahead and put in a message,
and the message that we are going to send it is hello,
LinkedIn learning from Azure.
And we'll send an account.
Let's send 10 this time.
Put our close brace there and hit enter.
Now we can pop up in the message box
and you'll see the new executed 10 times,
each time with that message.
Let's jump into the Azure control plane next.
So within the portal, I've navigated to app services
within my subscription, and I can refresh
and you'll see that our Python function is listed here
with the plan that it's under, the region
and the fact that it's running.
Let's go ahead and open that up,
and you'll see we get some basic details,
including our function execution.
You'll see any memory that was consumed
and the megabytes that we transferred
over that period of time.
Now, those are the basic details
of our function that we're going to get
by simply uploading it to Azure itself.
Now, of course, you can dig in
and look at more of the function,
but for the most part, that's all we have to do.
Now because we've run this function
and we're done with this video,
I'm going to go ahead and delete it from Azure
so it doesn't sit around,
because remember, it is publicly available
with the anonymous type.
So we'll come over here to the hamburger menu and delete it.
You're going to have to type in your app name
and go ahead and delete it.
And we've now deleted our function from Azure.
And that's all there is to deploying it, running it
and then obviously deleting it at the end.